hi guys sometimes you just can't beat
fresh simple and classic margherita
pizza this homemade pizza recipe it's
the spot and is so easy to make and by
the way if you want to know the easiest
fastest way to improve the flavor of any
pizza and the best tip for the world
bring pizza dough technique watch my
frozen homemade pizza dough wins video
hey I am gonna lose this is right here
right now on the real-deal Cooking
Channel let's get started and make some
herbed oil this will enhance the flavour
of all of your pizzas heat up oil and
cook garlic until fragrant about 2
minutes then add herbs gel of the heat
cover and let infuse for 5 minutes then
transfer to a clean container and you
got to go next
this vibrant fresh sauce is so much
better than everything else from a jar
and so easy look just post garlic and
basil until finely chopped add tomatoes
and pause briefly then stir in the
tomato paste sugar salt and pepper until
well combined chunky tomato basil sauce
done next stretching out your dough
start by flattening the dough ball
trying to maintain a circular shape
spread your fingers apart and rotate the
dough as said earlier this pizza dough
is the one you want it does not shrink
so shrink about it for the full recipe
and video go to my website
www.sceeto.com herb oil then
and parmiggiano then the tomato sauce
and add some shredded mozzarella and the
fresh one next slide Pizza over the hot
pizza stone or on the upside down baking
tray and bake for about eight minutes at
five hundred and fifty degrees
Fahrenheit two hundred and ninety
degrees Celsius so good guys I hope you
have enjoyed this margherita pizza
episode please subscribe like me on
Facebook and follow me on Twitter
Instagram and Pinterest bye bye
you